The apocalypse is coming!
Will it be aliens, zombies, or a global financial
meltdown?
Whatever it is, you need to be prepared.
Get your complete apocalypse kit at Ammu-Nation.
Contains food stuffs, and alcohol for three
months.
A massive array of armaments,
cartons of cigarettes to trade with roadside
wanderers,
the apocalypse kit contains birth control
so you don't create any more mouths to feed,
pornography,
water purifiers so you can drink your own
urine
and cyanide pills so you can go out like a
man.
When a million zombies come running over the
hill,
you'll be really pissed you didn't buy enough
bullets.
Don't dial 911!
Dial 357.
Ammu-Nation,
protecting your rights!